refactor: create example app using Jetpack Compose (#11)
profusion/android-sdk-addon-example: README.md

And that's it!

## Running on the emulator
### Inside the AOSP tree

After build, you can run the emulator in the terminal where you set up the environment variables with

```
emulator
```

### Outside the AOSP tree

> If you use a remote server to build your addon (It could be a good idea. Building the AOSP right now could be a really really hard job for some hardware) maybe you wanna extract the emulator to your personal environment. Actually, that's very easy and you already have all you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a remote server to build your addon (recommeded since buiding the AOSP is computationally intensive and requires huge amounts of memory) maybe you wanna extract the emulator to your personal environment. Actually, that's very easy and you already have all you need.
```
